a freshly possessed high school
cheerleader turns into a bloodthirsty
creature who specializes in killing her
male classmates
her friend tries to stop her but will
she succeed
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2009 comedy
horror titled jennifer's body
get ready for some spoilers take a seat
and enjoy
a violent prisoner at a correctional
institution known as needy lesniki is
shown in the first scene she's known for
being a kicker and she's now reflecting
on previous incidents while in lockdown
this is her story
needy is a geeky unpopular plain jane
student from devil's kettle minnesota
who has been close friends with jennifer
czech a gorgeous popular cheerleader
since they were kids needy's emotions
for jennifer are provocative
jennifer takes needy to melody lane a
neighborhood pub where an indie rock
band called low shoulder is performing
one evening
although it may seem odd that they would
go to such a tiny town to play singer
nikolai wolfe says that it is a service
to their fans
needy overhears nikolai referring to
jennifer the state fair butter queen
implying that she enjoys flirting and
acting promiscuously but is in fact a
virgin
the bar catches fire during the play
needy takes jennifer to safety via the
toilet window just avoiding being killed
in the flames as nikolai looks on with a
grin
jennifer is taken aback and nikolai
offers to take them in his vehicle to
somewhere secure
despite needy's objections jennifer
accepts and departs with the band
needy stands there watching the remnants
of the bar crumble to the ground when
she eventually makes her way back home
needy informs her boyfriend chip about
the incident and expresses her worry for
jennifer's safety
jennifer arrives at needy's house
wounded and bleeding with ripped clothes
needy witnesses jennifer tearing
wolfishly into a raw chicken in her
refrigerator and roaring monstrously at
her before spitting a dark tar-like
material all over the floor
jennifer terrorizes needy even more by
flinging her against a wall and asking
whether she is afraid of her
jennifer then bolts out the front door
leaving a confused and terrified media
in her wake the community mourns the
tragedy of the bar fire the following
day and needy recalls her childhood
buddy with sadness
jennifer comes at school as if nothing
has happened and she shows no sympathy
for the fire victims
jennifer runs into the high school
football captain who is mourning his
best friend he lost due to the fire she
claims his dead friend told her they
would be an amazing pair and she takes
him into the woods to purportedly
fulfill that wish her mouth turns into a
monstrous gaping maw as the two kiss and
she assaults him
later that day the captain's mutilated
remains are discovered by a worried
teacher at the school
jennifer starts to appear pale and
haggard after a month enigmatically
stating that it is wearing off and that
she needs food
jennifer notices school geek colin gray
and invites him to her home but she
subsequently makes derogatory comments
to needy about colin's gender and
musical choice
colin goes to see jennifer only to
discover that she has led him to a still
under construction home in a desolate
area
she drove colin to a place where she can
attack him without any witnesses
meanwhile needy is with her boyfriend
chip and they are making love
suddenly needy has a terrible vision and
she sees what is jennifer doing
jennifer is at an abandoned house
transformed into a monster
she then kills and eats poor colin needy
is driving home from chip's place when
she comes across jennifer who is
wandering across the road like an animal
before leaping onto her car's windscreen
jennifer is sleeping in needy's bed and
wearing one of needy's clothes when
needy comes home
they start kissing furiously until needy
snaps and asks what's going on
jennifer refuses to leave when needy
tells her to instead confessing what
occurred to her the night the
neighborhood pub burnt down low shoulder
drove jennifer out into the woods in a
flashback scene joyfully planning to
give her as a satanic sacrifice in
return for chart success
several members of the band questioned
if jennifer was really a virgin which
she claimed she was in the hopes that
they would let her leave
they performed an invocation to the
devil using instructions they obtained
from the internet before stabbing her
with a bowie knife and throwing her into
the infamous vortex off the nearby
devil's kettle falls
jennifer continues to explain to needy
that she discovered herself still alive
and then walked away from the location
after they had gone
jennifer also tells needy that she is
indestructible once she is completely
filled on human flesh
she proves it by stabbing herself in the
arm with a pocket knife which heals very
instantly jennifer also tells needy that
the first night she found the indian
exchange student devoured him and buried
his corpse in the woods needy threatens
to contact the cops but jennifer assures
him that she would just deny everything
and that no one will believe such a tale
jennifer leaps from needy's second floor
window falls unharmed on the ground and
flees into the night
needy more concerned than ever rushes to
their school's library's occult
department and starts researching needy
quickly discovers where the ban went
wrong
because jennifer was far from a virgin
their sacrifice backfired although it
gave them prosperity it also transformed
jennifer into a succubus a female demon
with an insatiable need to feed on young
males in order to maintain her health
needy is fully aware that the spring
formal is coming and jennifer has the
potential to turn the event into a
massacre she tells chip about it and
advises him not to go to the formal but
all he says is that she should get
mental treatment
she breaks up with him to protect him
and despite her cautions he chooses to
attend low shoulder who are now
extremely successful and have sold out a
national tour perform at the spring
formal needy notices chip is nowhere to
be seen as the end of the stage so she
goes in search of it
meanwhile in the woods jennifer
confronts chip informing him that needy
was having an affair with colin which is
why she was so devastated when he died
jennifer attempts to seduce him by
kissing him passionately
she takes him to a deserted house with a
graffiti covered indoor pool
she kisses him once again but he rejects
her prompting her to throw him into the
murky water in a fit of despair
needy goes to the mansion to discover
what is going on
to assist chip needy jumps into the
water and mesas jennifer causing her to
vomit more black goo
jennifer levitates over needy and chip
as they crawl out of the filthy pool
jennifer threatens to murder needy when
she confronts her about how she was
never a good friend to her chip uses the
last of his strength to stab jennifer in
the stomach with the handle of a pool
net before she flees through a nearby
window
chip then dies in her arms but not
before they declare their love for one
other needy hell then on vengeance
bursts into jennifer's room and scuffles
with her former best friend
needy murders her by stabbing her in the
heart with a box cutter
when jennifer's mother enters the room
she finds needy kneeling over her
daughter with a bloodied knife
as a consequence needy is taken to a
mental facility
needy however has acquired demonic
abilities of her own as a result of
being bitten by jennifer during their
battle
she plots her escape after being
isolated and abandoned by everyone she
knows
needy is placed in a cell after a
confrontation with an institution doctor
she levitates to an above window kicks
it out with her superhuman power bursts
through a neighboring fence and flees
into the darkness that night she comes
upon a watery runoff as well as the
knife that low shoulder used to stab
jennifer which she picks up as she walks
along a rural road
she stops a passing car and informs the
driver that she is following a band
the guy exclaims they must be one heck
of a band to which she sadly responds
tonight's going to be their final
performance low shoulder is shown openly
indulging in drugs and booze in their
hotel room in the end credits
eventually the band is brutally killed
by an unknown assailant the band members
bodies are then scattered around the
hotel room and police crime scene
photographs
security camera video of needy strolling
down the hotel corridor is seen in the
film's closing shot
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later